Makes the bell silent (#1159)
contour-terminal/contour: docs/configuration/profiles.md

### `bell`

> configuration option determines whether or not BEL character '\a' or 0x07 produces audible sound or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration option determines whether or not `BEL` character `\a` or `0x07` produces audible sound or not.
```

``` yaml
profiles:
  profile_name:
    bell: true
```

### `wm_class`

> configuration option defines the class part of the WM_CLASS property of the terminal window. The WM_CLASS property is a standard X11 property used to identify and classify windows by their class and instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration option defines the class part of the `WM_CLASS` property of the terminal window. The `WM_CLASS` property is a standard X11 property used to identify and classify windows by their class and instance.
```
